docs: Document how to turn on strict mode for an existing project. (#39412)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/strict-mode.md

ng generate application [project-name] --strict

</code-example>

> #### To enable strict mode for an *existing project*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Enabling strict mode for an existing project
```

> Edit your `angular.json` and add `@schematics/angular:application` with `"strict": true` to the `schematics` property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit your `angular.json` by adding `@schematics/angular:application` with `"strict": true` to the `schematics` property as follows.
```

> ```
>   ...
>   "projects": {
>     "app": {
>       "projectType": "application",
>       "schematics": {
>         "@schematics/angular:application": {
>           "strict": true
>         }
>       }
>    ...
>  ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<code-example header="angular.json">
  ...
  "projects": {
    "app": {
      "projectType": "application",
      "schematics": {
        "@schematics/angular:application": {
          "strict": true
        }
      }
   ...
</code-example>
```

> Edit `compilerOptions` in `tsconfig.json` to include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following to `compilerOptions` in `tsconfig.json`.
```

> ```
>     "forceConsistentCasingInFileNames": true,
>     "strict": true,
>     "noImplicitReturns": true,
>     "noFallthroughCasesInSwitch": true,
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<code-example header="tsconfig.json">
    "forceConsistentCasingInFileNames": true,
    "strict": true,
    "noImplicitReturns": true,
    "noFallthroughCasesInSwitch": true,
</code-example>
```

Add a new property `angularCompilerOptions` to `tsconfig.json`:

> ```
>   "angularCompilerOptions": {
>     "strictInjectionParameters": true,
>     "strictInputAccessModifiers": true,
>     "strictTemplates": true
>   }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<code-example header="tsconfig.json">
  "angularCompilerOptions": {
    "strictInjectionParameters": true,
    "strictInputAccessModifiers": true,
    "strictTemplates": true
  }
</code-example>
```

> Finally add `"no-any": true` to `rules` in `tslint.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, add `"no-any": true` to `rules` in `tslint.json`.
```

> Finally add `"no-any": true` to `rules` in `tslint.json`.

Reviewer 2: `no-any` is no longer part of the strict mode as of v11. Can you please remove this part?

> Finally add `"no-any": true` to `rules` in `tslint.json`.

Reviewer 2: I don't see a mention of stricter bundle budgets, can you please add a mention of updating those?
